## 9. King
Okay this one caught me up a bit but the premise is quite simple, I just wasn't looking in the right places. I'll show my though process through solving the challenge:

1. We are given a contract and I won't try to re-describe how it works, so I'll just quote the original description.
    > The contract below represents a very simple game: whoever sends it an amount of ether that is larger than the current prize becomes the new king. On such an event, the overthrown king gets paid the new prize, making a bit of ether in the process! As ponzi as it gets xD
    When we submit our contract back to OpenZeppelin they will regain status as the king in the contract. We have to make sure that doesn't happen and that we stay king.

2. My first step was to see all points in the contract that are accessible to us. There are 3 functions:
    1. A `constructor` which we will not be able to access.
    2. A `fallback` function which we *can* access
    3. A `view` function which of course won't make any changes to the state of the contract so it's out of scope for an attack as far as we are concerned

3. When looking at the fallback function the first thing that jumped out to me was the `require` statement which needs the following: `msg.value >= prize || msg.sender == owner`. The first thing that I had to check was when we submit the contract back, is the account that 'outbids' us the contract `owner` or just a normal participant. I make myself the king and submitted the contract and unfortunately the owner of the contract becomes the king again, so the require statement will always be true because the owner will always call the fallback function that I submit.

4. I was stuck for quite a while and pretty disappointed with myself that I had to look for a hint. Someone tipped me off to look into revert conditions on a `transfer`. The second I heard that everything fell into place. If we can somehow make the `transfer` revert then the owner will never be able to become king again. I did a quick search online and `transfer` will fail on attempting to send ether to a contract with no fallback function. 

5. Knowing this, we can create a contract without any fallback functions or way to accept ether from a `transfer` and then send our transaction to become the king through that contracts address. That way, when the contract owner tries to reclaim our spot as king the contract will attempt to transfer ether to our contract and will fail as it has no way to accept it. The source code for this contract is in this repo.
