## 10. Re-entrancy
This level gets you to exploit a contract with a basic reentrancy attack. These are the steps that I took to solve the challenge:

1. To fully understand how reentrancy attacks work I recommend looking online for a more in-depth explanation but here is a very short and sweet rundown.
    > A reentrancy attack can occur when you create a function that makes an external call to another untrusted contract before it resolves any effects. If the attacker can control the untrusted contract, they can make a recursive call back to the original function, repeating interactions that would have otherwise not run after the effects were resolved.
    Based on the title that's clearly the theme of this challenge, so let's see if we can find the vulnerability.

2. For a reentrancy attack you need a contract to call an untrusted contract before an effect is resolved. Let's see where in the target contract a call is made. Inside the function `withdraw()` there is a call to send ether to the address that is withdrawing. Cool, we have the untrusted call. Part two of the requirement for a reentrancy attack is that the call must happen *before it resolves any effects*. Looking at the `withdraw()` function, we can see that the balance is changed after the call. Vulnerability spotted, now it's time to attack it.

3. For our attack contract we need a way to donate to the target contract (so that we may have an initial balance to withdraw from), a way to start a withdraw and a fallback function which will start another withdraw creating a loop. The code for this contract is on this repo.

4. To start the attack we set the target contract and donate `0.2` ether. After than we initiate the attack by withdrawing `0.1` ether which then sends the funds to our contract, triggering the fallback function. The fallback function triggers the `attack` function and it continues to loop until there are no more funds in the contract. Be sure to have enough gas in the transaction to loop enough times to take all of the funds.
