## 15. Naught Coin
In this level we have to find a way to get past a restriction imposed on a contract which implements the ERC-20 protocol. The following are the steps taken to solve this challenge:

1. Our objective is to remove the tokens from our account, but the `transfer()` function is overridden to contain a modifier which only allows us to transfer 3650 days after the contract creation.

2. It helps if you are already familiar with the ERC-20 standard to solve this level. The contract `NaughtCoin` itself doesn't really have anything that we could exploit. Let's have a dive into the ERC-20 contract that is being imported.

3. If we look thought the ERC-20 contract we can find the `transfer()` function which has been overridden. Notice how when called it runs an `internal` function `_transfer()` which actually transfers the tokens. Since `_transfer()` is `internal` we can't call it directly from `NaughtCoin` but there might be some other functions inside the ERC-20 contract which also use it.

5. When we look for other functions that use `_transfer()` we find `transferFrom()`. This will be our loophole to getting rid of the tokens as this function can still run `_transfer()` but the `lockTokens()` function hasn't been applied to this. Let's call it and see if we can move our tokens out of our address.

6. Before we can call `transferFrom()` we need to increase our spending allowance to be enough for all the tokens. To do this we run `contract.increaseAllowance(player, '1000000000000000000000000')`
   You might look at the amount and think "Hold up, that's not 1000000!", but we have to take into account the 18 decimals. So it's 1000000 plus 18 zeroes.

7. With our allowance set we can transfer the tokens. Following the ERC-20 standard we can't transfer to the `0` address, so we will transfer to `0xdead` instead. To do this we run the command `contract.transferFrom(player, '0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead', '1000000000000000000000000')` and congrats! You no longer have any NaughtCoin tokens!
