## 8. Vault
This is a pretty simply challenge which teaches you how to access storage on the Ethereum network. Here are the steps that I took to solve this challenge:

1. We are given a contract that is locked, and we have to unlock it. Upon the creation of the contract a password is set and stored in a `private` variable named `password`. This is an excerpt from the solidity documentation describing a `private` variable:
    > Private functions and state variables are only visible for the contract they are defined in and not in derived contracts.
    >
    > Everything that is inside a contract is visible to all observers external to the blockchain. Making something `private` only prevents other contracts from reading or modifying the information, but it will still be visible to the whole world outside of the blockchain.
    Good news! We can still observe what is inside the variable `password`.

2. In order to access data on the blockchain I decided to use `web3js` with `nodejs`. There is a function `web3.eth.getStorageAt()` which can be used to access state variables which we will use. In my case, I also needed to sign up to `Infura` to get API access to the Rinkeby Network, but I'm sure there are many other web3 providers to use. 

3. I open `node` and set up the `web3` object. Once `web3` is ready we can run the command `web3.eth.getStorageAt(targetAddress, 1, (err, ret) => {console.log(ret)})`, where `targetAddress` is a variable which stores the address of our target contract. The `(err, ret)` is using the optional callback to log the data to the console.

4. The data returned is hex, which is all we need to pass to the `unlock()` function to unlock the contract, but for the curious we are able to turn this hex data into string by changing our command slightly to `web3.eth.getStorageAt(targetAddress, 1, (err, ret) => {console.log(web3.utils.hexToAscii(ret))})` which returns `A very strong secret password :)`
