## 12. Privacy
This level is very similar to to level 8 where we simply have to access contract storage to find a key. These are the following steps that I took to solve the challenge:

1. When we look at the contract we can immediately tell that we are going to have to access contract storage. Looking at the `unlock()` function we can see that we need to provide an argument that is equal to `data[2]` casted to `bytes16`. 

2. An understanding of how storage works on the Ethereum Network is useful for this challenge. The first thing that we need to do is actually access the data on the network. To do this I ran `node`, imported `web3` and connected to my provider for access to the Rinkeby network. Let's work through all the data in the contract.

3. I run `web3.eth.getStorageAt(contractAddress, slotIndex, (err, res) => {console.log(res)})` to get the data.
    1. First I want to make sure that the request is working. Let's set `slotIndex` to `0` to get the first slot.
       We get a return of 0x1, which makes sense because that represents the variable `locked` which is currently set to `true`.
    2. Now that we know that requests work, let's find where the `data` array starts. An important thing to note is that this is a fixed array rather than a dynamic array so it's easier for us to work with. How nice of the level author :). The `id` variable is uint256 so it will take up one whole slot meaning `data` doesn't start at index `0` or `1`. Next up there are the variables `flattening`, `denomination` and `awkwardness`. These are `uint8`, `uint8` and `uint16` respectively. Remembering that a slot can hold 32 bytes of data, one slot will have plenty enough space to store the data. Therefore if `data` can't start at `0` or `1` or `2` then it must start at `3`.
   
    3. The next variable after the ones above is `data` which is what we want. `data` starts at `3` and is a fixed array of size 3. Each slot in the array with take up one storage slot. This means that:
        - `data[0]` is at index `3` 
        - `data[1]` is at index `4` 
        - `data[2]` is at index `5` 
    We want `data[2]` so let's run the command that we use to get the data with `slotIndex` equal to `5`.

4. We have the data we need, now we just have to cast it to know what the key is. To find out what the result of the cast is, I wrote up a simple contract to calculate the result. The source is in this repo. Once we have the result from our contract we can unlock the contract! 
