## 22. Dex
A nice little challenge where we have to break a DEX to steal some tokens. These are the steps that I took to solve the level.

1. Our objective is to take all of at least one token type out of the DEX contract. Since the contract is very small it makes it pretty easy to analyze. Looking at function that actually make a state change there are two. 
    - `add_liquidity()` which simply adds tokens to the contract
    - `swap()` which conducts the swap from `amount` tokens of `from` into token `to`

2. The only function where there is any way to transfer tokens to our address is in `swap` so let's start there. It starts with a `require` statement to make sure that we have as enough tokens to complete the swap. The 'exchange rate' for the token is decided with the function `get_swap_price()` and saved to the variable `swap_amount`. Your tokens are then removed from your address and the DEX sends you `swap_amount` of `to` tokens. 

3. We have to find a way to manipulate `swap_value` to break the DEX clearly, as it's the only place in the contract where tokens can be sent to you. `swap_value` is determined by the function `get_swap_price` so let's look at that.

4. `get_swap_price` takes in two addresses and an amount of tokens that you are swapping. Some math is done and then the result is the exchange rate for the tokens which is returned to the calling function. The security vulnerability here is that there is no check on what token is being used. What if we could set `from` to be our own token that when `balanceOf()` is called it will always return `1`?<br>
    That would mean that the return value would be `(amount * IERC20(to).balanceOf(address(this)))/1`
    We know that when the contract starts it will have a balance of 100 tokens for Token1 and Token2 so when the contract is first deployed we can contract the exact return value of `get_swap_price` by setting the amount to a particular value and passing our own contract that returns a particular value on `balanceOf()`<br>
    In my case I decided to have `balanceOf()` return `1` and set `amount` to `1` meaning that the return value of `get_swap_price` will be 100 which also happens to be the number of tokens that we need to steal to pass the level

5. For the malicious contract you need `balanceOf()` and also a `transferFrom()` function. Otherwise once you rig the return of `get_swap_price` the function `swap` will try to call `transferFrom()` on your contract and it will fail. The source code for the contract that i wrote is in this repo.

6. To steal the funds, I run the following command:
    `contract.swap(\<my malicious contract>, \<address of Token1 or Token2>, 1)
   After this is executed on the testnet you will have 100 of you chosen token and will have beaten the level!``
