## 0. Hello Ethernaut
This is simply a primer to get started and familiar with how to use Ethernaut. The following steps were taken to find the solution.
1. Once we are given the contract, we can run `await contract.info()` to get started. This returns:
    > You will find what you need in info1().
2.  Pretty simply stuff, now we call run `await contract.info1()` which returns:
    > Try info2(), but with \\"hello\\" as a parameter.
3. I'm unsure if the blackslashes were needed for the quotes, it only helped to confuse me slightly, but it simply takes a string as an argument. We run `await contract.info2('hello')` and get:
    > The property infoNum holds the number of the next info method to call. 
4. So we have to call `infoNum` to get the next function name. Simple enough... We just run `await contract.infoNum()` which returns:
    ```
    Object { negative: 0, words: (2) […], length: 1, red: null }
        length: 1
        negative: 0
        red: null
        words: Array [ 42, <1 empty slot> ]
            0: 42
            length: 2
    ```
    An object has been returned to us. In this object there is only one actual value which is the first (and only) entry in the `words` array, which has a value of 42. (Trust programmers to try to fit in references wherever the can). So the function `info42()` is what we will be calling next.
5. We call the function... `await contract.info42()` and receive:
    > theMethodName is the name of the next method.

    Pretty simple clue to follow here
6. We call the new function `await contract.theMethodName()` and it returns:
    > The method name is method7123949.

    Let's keep following this trail
7. We call the new function `await contract.method7123949()` and now finally something interesting! It returned:
    > If you know the password, submit it to authenticate().
8. We haven't come across any obvious password yet, so let's dig a little. All of the contracts that we called are easily viewable through the `contract` object, all this time we've been following breadcrumbs hasn't really been necessary. Let's see what all the functions in `contract` are by simply calling it in the console by itself and expanding the `methods` section.
    ```
    "authenticate(string)": function send()
    "getCleared()": function call()
    "info()": function call()
    "info1()": function call()
    "info2(string)": function call()
    "info42()": function call()
    "infoNum()": function call()
    "method7123949()": function call()
    "password()": function call()
    "theMethodName()": function call()
    ```
    I see a password function, let's call it and see what we get.
    `await contract.password()` returns:
    > ethernaut0
9. With our password, let's call `authenticate` and finish the first level!
    `await contract.authenticate('ethernaut0')`
10. Now that we've submitted the password we can go to the next stage!
For the curious, you might wonder how Ethernaut knows whether you managed to enter the correct password or not. If you look back to the list of functions, there is a function called `getCleared()` which returns a boolean as to whether you have cleared the level or not. Try calling it and see the result!

