## 5. Token
The contract that we are targeting has accounts and balances. We are given a balance of 20 and have to find a way to get a very large balance. The following are the steps that were taken to solve the challenge.

1. We only really have the function `transfer()` to work with because the `balanceOf()` function is a view function and does not make any changes.
2. Unfortunately if you don't have any experience or understanding of integer overflow or underflow it might have been a bit hard to spot the vulnerability. If you don't know about it, I highly recommend searching about it to understand it.
3. The checks on the `transfer()` function make sure that the users account cannot be lower than zero, so what happens if you have a negative balance? Well, the the variable is a `uint` which is an unsigned integer. This means that it doesn't have any negative values. If we go beyond zero then we end up wrapping around and ending up with extremely large values. 
4. Knowing that we can exploit the contract, we simply have to call the `transfer()` function send more of our balance than we own to another address. We well end up having less than zero for our balance which will wrap around.
5. These are the commands to run
    1. Observe balance before: `await contract.balanceOf(player)`
    2. Trigger an integer underflow: `contract.transfer()contract.transfer('0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000', 21)` (we are sending 21 when we have 20. Our balance would be -1 which wraps around to a large value `(2^256) - 1`.
    3. Observe balance after: `await contract.balanceOf(player)`
