## 6. Delegation
This level gets us to explore delegation and the potential security holes that can open up if implementing in an insecure way. The following are the steps that were taken to solve the challenge.

1. The first thing that we need to do is understand the solidity `delegatecall` function. To explain it briefly, it allows you to call another contracts function but the function will be run on the caller. The delegated contract has full control over the calling contract during this time, so you want to make sure that the delegated contract doesn't do any malicious behavior while it's being run.

2. `delegatecall` takes an input of four bytes which act as a method 'ID'. This way, you can pass the method identifier as bytes to the `delegatecall` to specify which function will be called.
    Method identifiers are calculated by hashing the function definition (the name of the function and the parameter datatypes only, no parameter names) and then getting the first four bytes. Here is an example for a function named `calculator` which adds two numbers `uint256 num1` and `uint256 num2`
    `bytes4(keccak256("calculator(uint256,uint256)"))`

3. Knowing the basics about how `delegatecall` works and how to calculate a method ID we can start to look at how we can become the owner of our target contract `Delegation`. It has a fallback function which calls `delegatecall` on the contract `Delegate` (Yes, these names are very similar and it might be a bit confusing but stay with me). Inside the `Delegate` contract there is a function named `pwn()` which sets the owner to `msg.sender`. Remember that a delegated call makes changes to the calling contract. That's our way to becoming the owner.

4. So now we see the vulnerability we need to exploit it. We need to trigger the fallback function and then set `msg.data` to the method ID of `pwn()` so that when `delegatecall` is called, it runs `pwn()` on our target contract, setting us as the owner.

5. Let's find out what the method ID of 'pwn' is. There are many ways to do this, my approach was to use [this](https://emn178.github.io/online-tools/keccak_256.html) online tool. I get the hash of `"pwn()"` as a string and grab the first 4 bytes. This ends up being `0xdd365b8b`

6. Now we know what set for `msg.data` we can trigger the vulnerability. This can be done from the ethernaut console with the command `sendTransaction({to: contract.address, from: player, data: '0xdd365b8b'})`.
    Once that's run you are now the new owner of the contract! 
