## 11. Elevator
The way I ended up solving this challenge seems different to how the author summarized the vulnerability in the post-level summary, but I guess in the security world a hack is a hack. These are the steps that I took to solve the challenge:

1. The source code that we are given is for an `Elevator` contract that is used by a `Building` contract that we are expected to write. The quick of the elevator is that it will never reach the top floor. We have to find a sneaky way to make the boolean `top` become `true` regardless. 

2. In the function `goTo()` there is a check to see if the floor-to-be-visited is the top floor or not. If it is the top floor, then the function ends. If it is not the top floor then it updates `floor` with the new floor that the elevator is on, and then updates `top` to the result of a check to see if the current floor. Of course, this will only ever be false because the `if` statement just made sure that the current floor won't the top floor... right?

3. The security hole in this contract is that it calls `isLastFloor()` twice, and since we are going to be the author of this contract then we have full control over what it returns. So is there a way that we can trick the `Elevator` contract by saying that the top floor *isn't* the top floor and then when it checks again to update `top` we set it to true? Absolutely it's possible!

4. We only want this behavior to occur on the top floor, so the first thing we need to put in our `isLastFloor()` function is a check if we are actually on the last floor. If we are, then we plan on returning `false` the first time it is called and then `true` on the second call. This can be done simply by having a state variable which tracks if the function is being called for the first time or the second (and on the second call reset the tracker so it's back on the first if you want to run it multiple times).

5. When we run this contract on the target we end up tricking it to actually set the top floor to be true when we run `goTo()` on the top floor! Source code for the contract is in this repo.
