## 3. Coin Flip
We have a coin flip contract and have to get a streak of 10 wins in a row.
Here are the steps that I took to complete the level:

1. First let's have a look at the code. We want the state variable `consecutiveWins` to equal 10, so a good start is to see where in the code that variable is able to be changed. There are 3 points in the code where the value of `consecutiveWins` can be changed.
    1. The constructor (useless to us, and it sets the value to zero
    2. If we guess the coin flip wrong (the value is set to zero, not much use)
    3. If we guess the coin flip correct (the value increments by one)

2. So, we aren't going to magically be able to change the variable and we're actually going to have to guess correctly. Let's have a look at the logic for flipping the coin and see if we can rig the odds in our favor.
    ```
    uint256 blockValue = uint256(blockhash(block.number.sub(1)));

    if (lastHash == blockValue) {
      revert();
    }

    lastHash = blockValue;
    uint256 coinFlip = blockValue.div(FACTOR);
    bool side = coinFlip == 1 ? true : false;
    ```
    Remember that `lastHash` is a state variable which is remembered between function calls. The first half of the logic here is related to making sure that we can't call the function mulitple times on the same block. If that were possible, then the block would always be the same and the result of the coin flip would be the same every time (for that given block).
3. An important thing to know is that the outcome of the coinflip is determined by the __block__ which transaction happens on. The other variable which determines the outcome of the coinflip is `FACTOR` which always stays the same so we don't need to worry about that. As for the block, fortunately we _do_ have some control over what the block will be. 
    What we can do is run our own smart contract that gets the block number and runs the exact same calculation as the `flip()` function so we know the result ahead of time. Then in the same transaction our smart contract can call `flip()` and with an argument of our calculated outcome. Since our contract will call the target contract, it will all happens on the same block. This means that we will always be correct.
4. Once the contract was written up (source code in this repo) it can be deployed. Here are the steps you need to take once the contract is up:
    1. Call `CoinFlip`'s function `flip()` at least once to have `lastHash` have a value.
    2. Call `BreakCoinFlip`'s function `setTargetContract(_target)` where `_target` is the address of the target contract.
    3. Call `BreakCoinFlip`'s function `setTargetLastHash(_blockNumber)` where `_blockNumber` is the block number containing the transaction where we called `CoinFlip`'s `flip()` function.
    4. Call `BreakCoinFlip`'s function `winCoinFlip()` until you have a winning streak of 10
