## Gatekeeper Two
This was a very fun challenge to solve with a bit of binary manipulation and some constructor magic. The following are the steps that I took to complete the level:

1. Our objective is to get our address to be in the variable `entrant` on the target contract. To do that we simply need to call the function `enter()`. Should be simple enough, but `enter()` has a couple of function modifiers with logic which we need to satisfy first.

2. For the modifier `gateOne` we simply have to make sure that `msg.sender` is not the same as `tx.origin`. Pretty simple solution to this, all we have to do is interact with this function from a contract of our own. That way `tx.origin` will be our wallet address and `msg.sender` will be our custom contract.

3. For the modifier `gateTwo` there is some solidity assembly. What happens is a variable `x` of type `uint` is created. The result of `extcodesize(caller())` is passed to variable `x`. In order to progress any further we need `x` to be zero. If we look into what `extcodesize()` is, it's a solidity assembly function that (implied in the name) returns the size of the code for the address it has been passed as an argument.
    But this has to be zero! Which means that we can't use a contract! If that's the case then how on earth are we going to satisfy the conditions for `gateOne`? Turns out when a contract is first being deployed (in the constructor function) the return value of `extcodesize()` will return `0` because the contract is technically not deployed yet. Knowing this, we can satisfy the requirements of `gateTwo` by keeping all of our logic within the constructor

4. This is the fun part were we get to do a bit of reverse engineering! We have a pretty complex looking logic condition to pass, but when we break it down it becomes pretty simple.
    `require(uint64(bytes8(keccak256(abi.encodePacked(msg.sender)))) ^ uint64(_gateKey) == uint64(0) - 1);`
    Let's break this down a bit so we can understand it a bit better. Starting with the right side we have `uint64(0) - 1`. What is happening here is an `unsigned integer` of size `64` bits with value `0` is being reduced by one. This causes an integer underflow and leads to the binary representation of this data to be all `1`s. So knowing this, we need to somehow make the left side equal to all `1`s.
    > If it makes it easier to understand: 
    > `uint64(0)` in binary:
    > `0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000`
    > 
    > `uint64(0)` - 1 in binary:
    > `1111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111`
    > 
    > `uint64(0) - 1` shown as an int: 
    > `18446744073709551615`
    
    Now we have to look at the left side of the logic.
    `uint64(bytes8(keccak256(abi.encodePacked(msg.sender)))) ^ uint64(_gateKey)`
    The `^` is an XOR (look it up if you don't know what that is). On the left side of the XOR we have a `uint64` whose value is derived from a hash of our contracts address. On the right we have a `uint64` of our provided value `_gateKey`. The good news is that we control both of these sides so we can manipulate our `_gateKey` input to make sure that it can be the same as the RHS of the `require()` statement.
    We can find a suitable value for `_gateKey` by running these calculations ourselves within our constructor contract before calling `enter()`. Finding the result of the `uint64` whose value is from our hashed address is easy (we can just copy paste that into our own contract, but remember to switch `msg.sender` to `address(this)`). Once we have that value, we can XOR this with `uint64(0)-1` to effectively flip the bits of our address hash value. The result of that XOR will be our key that we pass the the `enter()` function. When those two values are XORed together you will end up with a `uint64` whose binary data is all `1`s. This is of course the same as the RHS of the `require()` function so we will pass the requirements of `gateThree` and win the level!
